our next topic and this one's it's going
to be a bit of a doozy is going to the
definition and instantiation of classes
we've already done this we're going to
do a more sophisticated version of what
we've seen before so let's suppose we
create a new class called dog right what
I'm going to do it's different than
before is I'm going to take away the
main lab and we'll see why I do then I'm
going to give it a method make noise and
what that's going to do is work ok so we
can compile this class just like before
and it'll compile the sign
here's dog class but if I do dog jaw
it's a hog I get this error we saw in
lecture 1 there's no main method dogs
don't know how to run well this doctor
ok now this file right here I guess just
for comparison to those of you know
Python this file is the equivalent more
or less of def make noise press print
work big dogs on pi
ok you'll notice that this Python
program right there's no no point where
it's calling make noise because there's
no name right the stuff that goes down
here this is basically main like stuff
that lives outside of a function in
Python is me so I decided to put back
name by void main string args no way to
make noise now we recompile dog and run
dog we get marks just like that here it
would just do make noise right that's
the Python version of this ok so it's
often the case though the classes we
created Java do not have main methods I
just going to take this away entirely
often we'll have it and we'll see why in
project zero but so just trust me for
now often we won't actually on the main
method in the dog class instead we'll
often as other classes this use the dog
class I'm going to create dog launcher
high so every dog up to be launched this
is a class that if you're looking at our
optional textbook the dog launcher class
well test-drive the dog class let's just
dare to be to show the dogs work so in
this case dog launcher does have a main
lesson and what I'm going to do is okay
my goal is I want to call the make know
his method of our dog class over here so
what I'm going to do here is I'm going
to say dog doc make noise so if this
says is it says Java I want you to go to
the dog class find the make noise method
and run by the way I don't think I
mentioned this before in these videos
but method is just a word people use in
Java for function so we do Java dog
launcher now I get a bark right so what
is on watcher do well when it starts
running it goes to the dog class says
make noise and this happens all right
that's the extra core of what what the
finding classes is all about okay so as
we saw last time every method in Java
right any code you want to run it must
be associated with some class every file
contains a class and all code has to go
inside of a class there's no right of no
way to write code that is not inside of
a class and so what we want to do is if
we want to actually run a class then we
have to define a main method right we
actually wanna run something we have to
have a main so the dog class as we saw
as we've written it on the side just now
it has no command method right you
cannot run it directly there is no main
method and that's common pattern but we
could have other classes that have a
main message that may be call methods in
our function other other classes right
so this dog launcher class it calls a
method from another class which is a
nice feature that that one class can use
another because that's the entire basis
upon which were able to break down
problems in the smaller pieces and so
again our optional textbook headfirst
Java it calls this a test-drive class
now of course not all dogs are equal
here's one
[Music]
here's a different little dogs are equal
and we're going to capture that in our
Java code we want our dog class to be
able to often we write programs that
recapitulate features of the real world
around us so we want to for writing dogs
simulators we don't want the mold to
bark the same how can we achieve well
one approach would be for every single
dog out there just make a new class from
Maya the Malamute this dog hearing will
have a no room sound for ya stir the
dogs I don't know if that dog's name was
maybe it has this just hideous
barking Miller's here we could do this
maybe but this is going to get redundant
in a hurry so basically good NP just
annoying right